Andy Bird is with us, the CEO
of Pearson.
Andy, welcome.
Thank you.
It's great to be here.
Great to see you in person.
I want to get into the share
price reaction.
Citi has put out a note this
morning saying results are
solid but lack a buyback.
That sizzle the market was
looking for.
Why didn't you go with a
buyback?
You didn't do one last year.
Why is there not one this year?
Well, we just completed a £350
million share buyback last year.
We have a very, very healthy
balance sheet.
In short, we want to maintain
optionality.
We want to see how the
beginning of this year plays out
and give ourselves that
optionality to see whether or
not – how best to use the
strength of our balance sheet
going forward.
What does it mean in practice?
Are you saying you might want
to use the funds for an
acquisition?
Well, we made three
acquisitions last year in
Credly and Mondly.